LINE.RB
    1. How does your data structure allow developers to access and manipulate the data?
        This data structure provides a clear representation of any real-world queue, 
        that might involve anything joining a queue in an ordered fashion with the 
        ability to step out of the queue at any time.  It does not have the ability 
        to place something into that queue other than at the end.         
    2. If a developer wanted to find a specific element in your data structure, how would you search for it?
        You will be able to access the object by name using the "person" variable 
        and performing a basic iteration through the list to search for the "person".  
        Can easily be modified with a more robust search algorithm for larger queues.
    3. What other real-world data can each structure represent?
        This data structure could represent any number of real-world scenarios, 
        from a mail sorting facility that received packages/letters one after 
        another with the ability to eject a package if needed, really any general 
        process where a queue is used to process requests in a sequence until 
        the queue is empty.

SCREEN.RB
    1. How does your data structure allow developers to access and manipulate the data?
        They can designate values for red, green and blue as well as the cordinates of the pixel at x and y.  
        The function will keep the values within the specified ranges for valid colors. 
        However there is no current limit to the pixel ranges so you will need to bare that in mind 
        when developing for various mintor resolution ranges.  Though this could be added easily enough by using 
        same method we used to validate color ranges.
    2. If a developer wanted to find a specific element in your data structure, how would you search for it?
        Using the x and y coordinates to identify specific pixels, you could also search by color to find all 
        pixels with that color.. or color combo.  ( I am not certain I understand the question properly / don't
        feel that I answered this question properly in relation to this data structure.)
    3. What other real-world data can each structure represent?
        This could represent any field or space where objects need to be placed in various orders or patterns.
        For example a car factory likes to have all of its new cars sorted by color on the factor floor when they
        come off the line, using this function would allow the floor manager to design the pattern that another
        function could use to make sure the cars come off the line in the correct order and color to match the
        "data structure" provided.
